hey what's going on everyone welcome
back to actually not not a mod review
today we're gonna be doing some akinator
um there weren't that many great mods
out to show you guys today so I thought
I would do something a little bit
different a lot of you guys have been
requesting that I play different games
for those of you guys who have been
around on my channel for a long time you
would know that i actually have played
activated before and I've had a blast
with it you guys showed a great response
to it as well so I thought hey why don't
we just give it another shot today so
today I've been taking your suggestions
from way back I have like three akinator
videos that I did previously were you
guys left suggestions um so some of the
top suggestions were notch and
skydoesminecraft so I guess that's kind
of that's kind of given whenever I ask
for suggestions it's always
skydoesminecraft so we're gonna get that
out of the way you guys can feel free to
leave more suggestions down below for
future akinator videos and if we get 500
likes that will guarantee us another
akinator video coming out soon so it's
just all to your guys's support
depending on if I'm going to make
another akinator video I do enjoy making
these though they're super fun I just
want to make sure that your guys
response to it as well is uh kind of
fitting with mine if you know what i
mean but anyways let's go ahead and get
started here notch and skydoesminecraft
for today so let's go ahead and give
this a shot so here we are put in all my
details we're gonna he'll go ahead and
click play alright so we're gonna start
out with notch here so let's just go
ahead and see this so this question is
usually the exact same always so does
your character really exist yes he does
is your character famous uh yeah yeah I
guess you could call famous I mean he
did make minecraft has your character
recorded any albums um no notch is not
he doesn't seen any songs is their
character from YouTube well I mean he's
on YouTube but I don't think he's from
YouTube so we're just gonna go ahead and
say no there is a character an adult
male no yeah no abdicated yes he is um
that was funny right yeah I know is your
character length of sports no is your
character an actor now has your
character been dead for more than 20
years no notch is still alive is a
character a politician nobody nobody
knew
is your character currently working in
television nope is your character
currently more than 50 50 years old no I
don't believe notch is okay at all yes
let's get all he's getting there what is
your care to work with my guess is your
character Nova way to head yes what that
was too easy guys come on Yuki yeah
that's a jet dig that was so highly
commented if you guys go go and look
back at my past akinator videos people
were like knock knock knock
skydoesminecraft skies minecraft so
akinator he he showed you guys up right
there so we need to get a little bit
more detailed with our with our
suggestions anyways that was fun um okay
so we're just gonna go ahead and click
yes right here let's go ahead and go
back play again okay so this time we're
doing skydoesminecraft a lot of
suggestions for him as well and I kind
of assumed that was gonna happen anyways
but anyways we're just gonna go ahead
and do it to get that out of the way and
then you guys can leave more suggestions
down below for my next act native video
alright so does your character really
exist yes is your character famous I
would call him pretty famous as your
character recorded any albums uh I mean
he did he made a parody so um I'm gonna
go ahead and say prob probably I mean I
needed like a kind of answer here but I
mean he has recorded a song so yes he's
her character female now as her
character ever been married nope it's
your character member band five persons
nope I think we might have thrown
akinator off is your character white yes
we're gonna see if you can still do it
though this is kind of a challenge is
your character lived with Tobuscus note
no joy not Justin Bieber doesn't care to
sit on stage I know he has but I don't
think that's like his main job so now is
your character is overrated Smosh nope
Karen over oh I'm not liking the look at
this yes it's a character a captain nope
Oh akinator why are you so good does
your character hate squids uh uh yes
does your character have an obsession
where does he come up with these
questions where does your character have
it of yes he does have an obsession with
butter is your character word golden
armor yep
okay oh ok akadate er you showed us up
this time let's just go ahead and do one
more cuz I'm feeling I'm feeling jolly
right now alright so play again we go
think of one off the top of my head
let's just go ahead and do let's do I
want to do minecraft related let's go
ahead and do a mob we're gonna do I want
to do something that's complicated we're
going to do the Enderdragon just see
what he does with this does her
character really exist I always get
stumped with this question because I
mean it does exist in Minecraft but it
doesn't really exist in real life so I
don't know what to answer it's uh yes no
yes no yes no yes yes okay he's gonna
really exist no he doesn't he's in
Minecraft is your character lengua
SpongeBob SquarePants nope she kept her
from TV series no is your character a
human being nope just character stand on
two legs Vicki just flies so know your
character a genie no because your
character on four legs i'm pretty sure
that ender dragon yeah i'm not a big
survival of player so if I'm asking
myself these questions I'm sorry it's
just I'm a big mods guy if you didn't
notice is your character a male probably
i'm going to go ahead and say probably
is has your character ever been in a
movie i don't think he has yes he is an
animal is your character some kind of
bird he's a dragon so I'm gonna go ahead
and say probably here is your character
made of blocks yeah I'm thinking this is
a Minecraft related question so I'm
gonna say yes it's okay akinator you're
so good you're so good okay Wow alright
guys so make sure to leave some
suggestions down below like I said if we
can get 500 likes that would be awesome
really motivates me to do more active
videos and hopefully there'll be some
good mods out tomorrow where I can
review to you for you guys it's just
today was not the day for mods and I
wanted to get a video out for you guys
nonetheless and I had a great response
with my previous akinator video so I
thought I would just do another one for
you guys hopefully you enjoyed this one
if you're new to my channel feel free to
subscribe down below but yeah akinator
if you want to go play this for yourself
you guys can be feel free to go guess
whoever you want to guess
or get akinator to guess I guess I'm
gonna stop saying guests now um yeah
link to this akinator is in the
description like thank you guys so much
for watching my name is chaz and talk to
you guys later paris